hi everybody it's out here from Hill
versus babyface and the patch server PTR
has come back online it was offline for
well over 24 hours so when it did i I've
started to take all manner of footage
brawler's guild daily quests you name it
I've been doing it so this is the first
of at least two offerings today for say
two and that's all I managed to do then
fair enough but i farmed 75 of those
tokens lion landing commissions and I
picked up the quest which is beasts
master hunt the crab so I don't think
this has got anything to do with mount
saddling which I might have got a little
bit excited about when I saw the quests
in the quartermaster the other day
nevermind so gotta go to Unga ingu as
you can see wipe out the monkeys all
monkeys and then Nick their rotten fish
now we don't need to see me do this we
get a pretty decent idea so let's just
scooch the footage on to pretty much
when I'm at the end each month they get
vicious there might be 87 but they are
vicious monkeys because they keep and
raging so there we go 30 of the rotten
fish and I was on my head in the wrong
direction because I'm paying no
attention to my mini map until about
here and then I go oh yes whoops and
head over at the moment I was a little
underwhelmed by this quest I was like ah
garland oh is it gonna be another just
generic killing collect quest bit boring
and then when I got here it didn't
exactly help because I handed it in
there go the fish crab comes around the
corner buying in a box crab in a box
he's crabby in their part but don't
think those were the lyrics but yeah I'm
gonna take it back to bank so I thought
if I hand that back in debate and that
is it I'm gonna go on a rant but luckily
judging by the way I'm speaking in past
tense it wasn't and it opened up
something very interesting indeed an
alliance don't worry you have your own
version of this in the southeast corner
of cross runway is called lines London I
just can't show you anything yet because
they haven't got the templates for the
level 90s but this is what happens
you hand it in and then you cage the
crab and actually get to fight it but
look at it it is a powerful thing now
that the guy did say when I started this
quest go and get friends to help you and
there's no doubt that it will go a lot
lot lot lot smoother with friends but as
you can see it is susceptible to all
forms of CC whether they get rid of that
is yet to be seen I wouldn't be
surprised if they do because I can stern
I can fear and as you can see by the way
it's slowly but surely going down I am
probably on top of this fight I just got
to make sure that crab doesn't get too
near to myself too whoa like that hit me
otherwise I will probably go down in one
or two hits so just keeping it arm's
length fearing it away with my blood
fear and then waiting for my instant pet
call to get back into the game I I am on
top of this now when you hand the
question when you kill the crab and hand
the quest in not only do you get you 11
12 gold which isn't much corn please
that's a bit stingy for a fight like
this come on but you also get a buff
called presence of the earth whatever
animal is so in this case you bleep
presence of the crab if with the tiger
presence of the tiger presence of the
crane and what that does is it just you
get a random proc of a ghostly crab this
one that you've just killed here that
will come and help you for 30 minutes
any I did some tests and it procs
roughly every three to four minutes
that's how how often it was coming out
but it only stays active for about 20
seconds so not the greatest of bus I'd
like to see some tweaks with it to maybe
make it look a little bit more
attractive especially with what you have
to go through but still it turned out to
be not that bad a quest I was quite
happy to see a proper ring of blood type
of thing in the game itself so i hope
you enjoyed the video please do like
comment and subscribe to my channel
follow me on twitter like my facebook
and i'll be back with some more stuff Oh
soon take care everybody bye bye